README.md, before:

# MOTUS — Speed Wordle

Recklessly and arbitarily guessing words, this is beyond Wordle.

Without a fixed number of tries, your only frame of reference is the clock. 🏃‍♂️⏰

## Rationale

- What will the application do? You can play Wordle without any restriction on how many guesses you're allowed.
Instead, you are given a timer to look at.
- Who will use it? Anyone who likes Wordle, but wants to play more casually (without guessing constraints)
or even more competitively (trying to beat the clock).
- Why is this project of interest to you? Wordle is (in)famous within online tech circles for being simple, yet
perfectly apt for its casual use-case. I see a lot of potential to expand the Wordle concept,
so I might as well try it out in CPSC210 :)

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to guess many words and have unlimited attempts.
- As a user, I want to be able to see if a letter is placed correctly, is mispositioned, or if it is not in a word.
- As a user, I want to be able to solve the puzzle quickly and use a timer to see how well I did.
- As a user, I want to be able to work on a puzzle and check the time whenever I want.

## How to run

From IntelliJ, navigate to `./src/main/ui/Main.java` and run the program.

Commit message:

Added user stories, citations, a bit more polish

README.md, after:

# MOTUS — Speed Wordle

Recklessly and arbitarily guessing words, this is beyond Wordle.

Without a fixed number of tries, your only frame of reference is the clock. 🏃‍♂️⏰

## Rationale

- What will the application do? You can play Wordle without any restriction on how many guesses you're allowed.
Instead, you are given a timer to look at.
- Who will use it? Anyone who likes Wordle, but wants to play more casually (without guessing constraints)
or even more competitively (trying to beat the clock).
- Why is this project of interest to you? Wordle is (in)famous within online tech circles for being simple, yet
perfectly apt for its casual use-case. I see a lot of potential to expand the Wordle concept,
so I might as well try it out in CPSC210 :)

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to guess many words and have unlimited attempts.
- As a user, I want to be able to see if a letter is placed correctly, is mispositioned, or if it is not in a word.
- As a user, I want to be able to solve the puzzle quickly and use a timer to see how well I did.
- As a user, I want to be able to work on a puzzle and check the time whenever I want.
- (Phase 2) As a user, I want to be able to save a MOTUS game in its entirety to play it later.
- (Phase 2) As a user, I want to be able to reload a MOTUS game and resume right where I left off 
such that the timer is 'running' the entire time.

## How to run

From IntelliJ, navigate to `./src/main/ui/Main.java` and run the program.
